feat(CORE-944): RefArch configuration (#802)
gruntwork-io/docs: _docs-sources/refarch/configuration/preflight-checks.md

> # Step 2. Iterate on Preflight checks 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Iterate on Preflight checks 
```

> Once you have run the bootstrap script and pushed your `ref-arch-form` branch with your changes, your `infrastructure-live` repository GitHub actions will commence, running 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have run the bootstrap script and pushed your `ref-arch-form` branch with your changes, your `infrastructure-live` repository GitHub Actions will commence, running 
```

preflight checks against every commit that you push up to this branch. 

![Gruntwork Reference Architecture preflight checks](/img/preflight1.png)

> From the moment that your git commit is pushed, it usually takes around 4 minutes for your preflight check errors to appear on your pull request. Note that any errors will be 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Preflight checks can take up to 4-5 minutes to complete after you push your commit. Any errors will be 
```

directly annotated on the exact line of your form that presents a blocking issue, so be sure to check the *Files changed* tab of your pull request to see them:

![Gruntwork Ref Arch preflight checks on your pull request](/img/preflight-error-on-pr.png)

## Fix up the errors 

In most cases, the error messages included in the preflight check annotations will provide sufficient information to remediate the underlying issue. If at any point you are confused or 

> need assistance, please don't hesitate to reach out to us at `support@gruntwork.io` and we'll be happy to assist you. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
need assistance, please reach out to us at `support@gruntwork.io` and we'll be happy to assist you. 
```

## Commit your form changes and push to your `ref-arch-form` branch

> Once you have fixed the issues flagged by preflight checks, you can make a new commit with your latest form changes and push it up to the same branch. This will trigger a re-run of preflight

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have fixed any issues flagged by preflight checks, you can make a new commit with your latest form changes and push it up to the same branch. This will trigger a re-run of preflight
```

checks using your latest form data. 

> ## Checks passed? Merge your pull request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Merge your pull request
```

> In most cases, you will require a couple of iterations in order to clear all preflight check errors. Once your preflight checks pass, meaning there are no more error annotations on your pull request

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once your preflight checks pass, meaning there are no more error annotations on your pull request
```
We're hoping this won't be most cases especially if we're successful in funneling people through the cli

and the GitHub check itself is green, you can merge your pull request to the `main` branch. 

## Sit tight and wait for your deployment to commence

> Merging your `ref-arch-form` pull request to the `main` branch will automatically kick off the deployment process for your Reference Architecture. There's nothing more for you to do at this point. In fact, we ask 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Merging your `ref-arch-form` pull request to the `main` branch will automatically kick off the deployment process for your Reference Architecture. There's nothing more for you to do at this point. During deployment we ask 
```

> that you please do not log into, modify or interact with your Reference Architecture AWS accounts in any way once you have merged your pull request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
that you please do not log into, modify or interact with your Reference Architecture AWS accounts in any way or make any modifications to your `infrastructure-live` repo once you have merged your pull request.
```

> Your deployment is now in Gruntwork engineers' hands, and we are notified of every single error your deployment encounters. We'll work behind the scenes to complete your deployment, communicating with you via email or GitHub if we need 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your deployment is now in Gruntwork engineers' hands and we are notified of every single error your deployment encounters. We'll work behind the scenes to complete your deployment, communicating with you via email or GitHub if we need 
```
